APIv2 Docs (#4120)
Opentrons/opentrons: api/docs/source/v2/new_advanced_running.rst

Running Protocols Directly On The Robot
=======================================

There are two ways to run a protocol on the robot without using the Opentrons app. These are typically protocols that require input or physical stimulations and cannot be emulated. 

Jupyter Notebook
----------------

> Using your web browers (I'd suggest which are tested here for example 'we recommend Chrome or Firefox v10), you can acess the robots Jupyter notebook server. This is a convenient environment to execute and debug protocols and define different parts of your protocol in different notebook cells. By doing such you can specify which parts of the protocol at a given time should run.

Reviewer: We recommend using the latest version of Chrome, Safari, or Firefox. Opera and Edge may also work, but if they don't, please use one of the supported browsers (per https://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.io/en/stable/notebook.html#browser-compatibility)

> Using your web browers (I'd suggest which are tested here for example 'we recommend Chrome or Firefox v10), you can acess the robots Jupyter notebook server. This is a convenient environment to execute and debug protocols and define different parts of your protocol in different notebook cells. By doing such you can specify which parts of the protocol at a given time should run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using your web browers (the latest Chrome, Firefox, and Safari are known to work; the latest Edge and Opera probably will), you can access the robots Jupyter notebook server. This is a convenient environment to execute and debug protocols and define different parts of your protocol in different notebook cells. By doing such you can specify which parts of the protocol at a given time should run.
```

This returns the same kind of object - a :py:class:`.ProtocolContext` - that is passed into your protocol's ``run`` function when you upload your protocol in the Opentrons App. Full documentation on the capabilities and use of the :py:class:`.ProtocolContext` object is available in the other sections of this guide - :ref:`protocol-api-robot`, :ref:`new-pipette`, :ref:`v2-atomic-commands`, :ref:`v2-complex-commands`, :ref:`new-labware`, and :ref:`new_modules`; a full list of all available attributes and methods is available in :ref:`protocol-api-reference`.

Whenever you call `get_protocol_api`, the robot will update its cache of attached instruments and modules. By calling `get_protocol_api` repeatedly; it will return an entirely new :py:class:`.ProtocolContext` without any labware loaded or any instruments established. 
Using :py:class:`.ProtocolContext`, you call all its methods just as you would in a protocol, without the encompassing ``run`` function, just like if you were prototyping a plotting or pandas script for later use.

How To Run A Previously-Written Protocol
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> Any protocol written that is defined in a ``run`` function, you impliment directly in Jupyter. Copy the protocol into a cell and execute it. This won't cause the robot to move, it just makes the function available. Call the ``run`` function you just defined, and give it a :py:class:`.ProtocolContext`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any protocol written that is defined in a ``run`` function, you implement directly in Jupyter. Copy the protocol into a cell and execute it. This won't cause the robot to move, it just makes the function available. Call the ``run`` function you just defined, and give it a :py:class:`.ProtocolContext`:
```
